Add basic tests for experiment form (#263)
Automattic/abacus: README.md

npm run test:unit
npm run test:unit -- -- --watch
npm run test:unit -- -- --updateSnapshot

> DEBUG_PRINT_LIMIT=30000 npm run test:unit # For when react-test-library truncates your debug output

Reviewer: hahahaha. Might be best to just use the max_int though.

```suggestion
DEBUG_PRINT_LIMIT=$(echo "console.log(Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER)" | node -) npm run test:unit # For when react-test-library truncates your debug output
```

Author: Hmm, as far as the readme goes I think the original example is a bit easier to read and see what is going on.
A developer should know to add more zeros if needed.
